Fagor know that he needs to manage the competition last year , Commercial San Pedro Malagon holders before the judge that he should become a great challenge.
It is currently considered to be the highest voltage level of the appeal filed against lawyers Fagor Ireland after the sale.
Cevital 25 million euros in France, the Algerian team that Fagor has trademark rights.
Eye is the first of a string.
First , brands ( De Dietrich , Sauter , Vedette , Brandt and Easycook ), then the two plants in France ( Orleans and Vendome ) , and along with them the salvation of 1,200 jobs , and finally , after being launched in France , active in the Basque Country , Garagarza ( Mondragón ) and Wells create another 300 jobs.
Them , and other tangible issues , has offered 2.5 million euros Cevitalek , but without the Connect through this offer document.
300 jobs would also be given the option to save the Polish Mastercook chain , also.
The suitability of the rope to the State's lawyers , however , nearly 20 billion euros of debt provided by several public guardian.
Ireland Fagor says that the company's most valuable asset and selling it , the French factories , but that does not necessarily buy Cevitalek the Basque Country , and this commitment has taken.
Legally , however , there is no legal document to Cevital , and the State's attorney 's trust.
" Unprotected " , which allows the sale of its creditors and the staff makes you think that the price was more than 25 million euros , and is now being sold without a transition phase that would be sold at a higher price.
Malagon appealed to the judge for consideration and may prevent the sale, however, with the launch of two new plants would give you a chance.
Pit joy.
Tension is not in front of a small decision.
In any case, even allow the sale, the process could be delayed a bit, and this can have a significant impact on the link in the chain of waiting.
The courts of Nanterre (France), he declared tomorrow Orleans Vendome and plants (as well as other assets in France) that permits the sale of 100 million euros, or not.
If they do not solve tomorrow's brand sales in San Sebastian, Nanterre back to you, as it did twice.
